all right baby we back once a
again I got the how to
gank camp my way season four four point
four patch I think it is right now I
gotta get those right um I know it's
been a long time I think I skipped about
600 patches but I'm gonna start making a
lot more videos I'm gonna try to at
least do one or two a day on how to play
the game and how to learn the game two
facets as you can see we got Kilroy are
coming in pop boom flash right there so
what does that mean right there guys
when she flies how long is that thing
down for for about nine hundred and
sixty-five thousand seconds that thing's
on four so I'm gonna show you what you
need to do how to make somebody suffer
and you know at your lower ELO's you got
to learn how to swim you know snowball
games
um you see what I'm doing here guys you
see this look I don't need a hit do the
third camp cuz they don't expect it so
really look what and when you play gets
kills guys remember you've got to read
the lanes top lane might be kind of you
know Renekton can dominate Shyvana but
you know if she gets low and if I see
that I'll go but no one that kills flash
is down you see her I'm just gonna hit
Naz I hit the Naz button walk
right up to her guess what flash right
on top ohm slow auto attack later give
it to zigs boom now another thing is you
know after get you know after getting
done ganking and killing Cal just like
the season three I think I don't know if
those preseason season four or the end
of season three I came out the videos
how to camp um but watch it learn guys I
didn't realize there was a ward right
here so there was a ward right there I
think ooh I mean j4 might think I'm in
his jungle right now cuz the ward does
go out I don't know if I saw that I'm
pretty sure so now what I'm waiting for
killed to do let me go ahead and pop it
out it's go past the halfway mark and
without flash guys remember if you don't
have flash you know I call this the high
okay when you have flash it's okay to be
past there depending on what you know
your planet gets oh you know it the
jungler you're playing against if you
skilled knows where in their path this
and that you know what angles to come at
you time in all this other stuff but
with no flash in mid you see Cal just
pull up this is past halfway mark you
know you need to be playing like right
here but instead she's playing all the
way
up so and me being patient I just sat in
this bush
boom waited 20 30 40 seconds I mean I
should I saw the insane I mean you know
you see the highest level players doing
it so why not you know why don't you try
this I mean like I said you know I
couldn't easily pick that kill up kudu
would it cool it go boo boo boo boo and
then but instead I decided to pull up
and say what's up baby come up slide
right though
backflip stun slow and applied boom boom
I just stood there because I knew she
wasn't going on anywhere even if she
healed herself and I had six there I
think that land so now here now now what
do we want to do is it's all about
driving it down myths so we take I
wanted to die this but you know since we
both got knocked up and took unnecessary
damage I decided to back off you know
it's like okay you know I don't want to
die so so I do get my level 4 now you
another thing guys if we look Kel Kel
comes back in the lane with no words no
words at all no words I put my ward in
the middle right there by the way guys
so you know seen uh you know kale you
know I'm tunneling right now on kale
that's that's it so boom slow down now I
have to wait for I gotta wait for fizz
so I'm gonna wait for fizz come around
instead of going through another another
thing guys you guys always come through
these bushes right I always come through
the outside you'll get the jump on them
and remember when you gank mid lane make
sure the minion waves already passed
through when this wave comes down and
it's going down just pretend it's in the
middle boom and it says right here right
here and if you can't hear make sure
that when you gank here you better make
sure you can catch them of course or if
they don't have a summoner cuz if you
come out they're gonna get they're gonna
see you and they might path correctly
and they might just run down and you
just waste the time so but back to the
gang boom coming in I take my time throw
it in turtle just to give extra moon
speed and of course to take damage to
flip flans bomb a lot of minions blow
weaken or then right on top a kill boom
so another cup of fizz well what we're
gonna do here is push the lane all right
so let's see what items do I buy all
right I buy boots spirit stone and a
longsword and I'm gonna put the runes
and masteries at the end of the video
guys so if you guys wait you'll see the
rune time in its it's a little different
than you know yeah I go 21 6 or I think
it's 6 3
yeah 21 6 3 because you know if you
don't have moves speeding go Tiger
stance on who there it's so slow so here
we go coming in no flash right there a
boom this is the shark though put away
for the Bears hands flaps flash boom
look at this he takes a turret boom
voila hit the knowledge button hit the
turret once I walk out of there and
voila and that's how you camp guys you
know coming from different angles in
patience so you know just like the
season 3 videos when you saw me doing
with the volibear and whatever other
dollars I did it with you know it
doesn't matter man it doesn't matter you
can do this with any jungler I'm just
doing it we dare and think about we dare
he didn't get a little one second bump
on his bear stands where he can stun you
out there just on the same target every
5 seconds but um damn it if you play j4j
4 can do the same thing you know Xin
chào you know all these other junglers
boom Lee sin of course um you know it's
it's it's it's all about that pathing
guys and you know when you know when the
gang especially if you blow summoners
and mid and that's the first step to
remember guys I the first step was right
here she made it easy for me
she blue flash i punished her you know
it's gonna the next one's gonna be on
top lane with of Oliver and that's kind
of next level - you know I set my mind
when I played this game to show you guys
and told that's drive-by na that's of
course I'm doing with him but you know
like I said it doesn't really matter you
know I do this all the time and you
can do it the next game but you know I'm
not you know he's not top playing so if
you guys are like oh yeah well it didn't
really matter like I said you punish
people guys you make them suffer and if
you don't make them suffer it's gonna be
a little bit harder because you you
won't find that control
or you won't be able to control the game
as easy and of course we through this
game guys uh aka fate falls on fizzle
Reno just straight up with him but yeah
guys don't forget to like this video if
you enjoyed it
well what am I gonna do yeah I'm about
to start streaming soon too I just woke
up but you know like I said I wanted to
make this video for you guys and if you
have any questions put them down below
and I'll check the YouTube as I'm
streaming and I'll leave you a comment
if you have any questions so yeah guys
have a good one peace late alright guys
I hope you enjoyed this video here are
the masteries 21-6 3 you'll see in the
runes I used moose weak winds I get the
move speed off utility and of course um
I put six and defense plated armor and
whatever that other stuff is and then 21
off in spades it's simple and for the
rooms you know they're a little bit
different you see I get the on the
masteries I could tell 5% cooldowns I
switch them up if you don't have CDR
should get 5 6
CDR glyphs so you have 5% you should do
this with just about every single like
role you playing because 5% plus 5 from
masteries equals 10 level one I run flat
ad I get armor on seals of course smooth
speed quints and then fly tomorrow
whatever you want to use but that's what
I use